In this way they were when I started WordPress when I started WordPress locally so we're going up on
this website will WordPress that or Inverkeithing you can click on get the corpus Sophron keep your
own that WordPress WordPress.
This is the current version of wordpress.
Hey maybe when you watch these cars maybe this nobody is going to be a little different but you don't
have to worry.
The steps are the same when installing WordPress.
The meet up and this in finden and going to be using a local server that is called ma'am ma'am.
It contains BHB my sequel which are needed to create that WordPress site.
There are some different options.
For example you can also use the local bay flag with DC and their local server that you can install
is free and is available in different platforms.
Also ma'am.
It is this is the Web site you can install in Windows or Linux.
And finally we have one server that we have a server that supports Apache BHB My sequel and these three
options are the best that you can find.
So next I'm going to be using man.
As I said before so let me open the manifold there and you need to open this issue see dogs for there.
So I really downloaded the place file.
So let me drag this into the folder and let me decompresses this file so you can see the file it is
called WordPress.
I'm going to call this one of all or the praise is going to be called newcomer's.
We need to create a database led me up in map and you can click it on Ben Webster page so the we have
tools and then you copy it.
May mean in the case that you install it locally by flywheel and you can skip this this step because
your locale is going to do everything for you.
So here I am on the beach in Miami and you click on to speech of mine and Procul you can create the
database so periculum databases.
And I'm going to call this one Arrhenius on the score here for the newcomers.
Give me a quick you know create and the database is going to be empty.
Wordpress is going to create different tables and everything.
So you can see that I in the ME open the docs you can see a call for their work.
So we need to open these in the Sarette.
So from here you can remove everything in the.
You can get the localhost and the port and I'm going to go commers.
So here then the and for a kid you can install WordPress.
So this is going to be that page and you select the language so you don't continue in.
Let's go there.
We call this one Catalina's back on discardable you see if you're using mamm their username root and
the password is had sort of.
In the case that you are using one server they use her name is Ruth and the password should be empty
like this.
In my case he is going to be rude.
And then when I leave the false right here.
So put it on submit and run the installation program when I give this website the names of what I call
this one Caterina's back on online Istar and then when I create a username and password.
Since we're a working locally I'm going out on a napkin and of course this is not very secure but this
this is only for the development phase of this project.
So when you upload these into a real server you need to change the username and password for something
more strong.
So let me click on Compare let me add any email is going to work for these phase of developments so
let me have you start WordPress.
So this is going to create the database and it's going to run the different scripts and is going to
start WordPress locally so click it on logon and Fromkin we can have admin anatman.
So I'm in an admin in both fields and you can see a couple WordPress when I refer to the section as
the back in the also called they were pre-Saddam in and if you click on this section right here on this
route on the top on the left corner you can see the front end of your side.
So I'm going to refer to this section as well as the front end.
So this is going to be the back end this is going to be the front end and that's all well back in or
out.
I mean I mean these museums these are little so we install WordPress in the next video we're going to
install newcomer's.